Marcos Hernandez
Lab06
CS344

Exercise 6.2
A)

	Exercise 1)
		To predicts whether an email is important based in the header and contents of the email.
	Exercise 2)
		To identify every email that are urgent and require the receiver to respond to the sender.
	Exercise 3)
		a. The receiver manages to respond in time to all urgent emails without problems.
		b. The receiver send a reply back to the sender for each email marked as important within a timeframe.
		c. The reciever never replies to an email markes as important/ does not receive an email markes as important or receives an email that should not be marked.
	Exercise 4)
		a. Cluster
		b. Predict whether an email is important or not depending on the keywords/header/contents
	Exercise 5)
		a. The model should predict the importance of each email within the spam. The email should notify if its important or not.
		b. The important email will moved to a new tab in the users gmail account. The tab should have a title called important. The user should receive another notification and a code to make sure its an important email.
	Exercise 6)
		We would come up with program that scans keywords/headers/contents such as links from the government, education, or staff and/or emails that include a DoNotReply

B)
	Exercise 7)
		a. Binary Classification
		b. Predict whether an email is important or not (binary classification)
	Exercise 8)
		Each input will be strings:
		Input 1) sender's email address
		Input 2) subject of the email
		Input 3) email header information
		Input 4) contents of each email
		Output1: Important/ Output2:Not important(spam)
	Exercise 9)
		Each input will include the header information attached to every email sent or received (Input 1-3)
		Input 4: text in the email. From the body of the email
		Output: store an email that is important in a new tab/ leave the email as it is if it is not important
	Exercise 10) 
		Input 1: Sender of the email
		Input 2: Subject of the email
		Input 3: Contents of the email
		Output: Important/Not Important
		